README.md, before:

# 2017 recap — SNH48 stage performance stats (work in progress)

[![code license: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20license-MIT-blue.svg?maxAge=2592000)](COPYING)
[![assets license: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/assets%20license-CC%20BY%204.0-blue.svg?maxAge=2592000)](COPYING)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap)

Current summary (not always up-to-date):

![](https://rawgit.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap/master/images/svg/breakdown.svg)
![](https://rawgit.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap/master/images/svg/summary.svg)
![](https://rawgit.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap/master/images/svg/team-scatter.svg)

A full demo from the master branch can be found at <https://snh48live.org/2017-recap>.

# Usage

Look into `bin`.

# TODOs

- Populate `data/performances.raw.json` gradually and at the end of the year.
- Grep for the string `TODO` in the code base.

# License

- Code (files outside `images`) are licensed under MIT;
- Assets (files inside `images`) are licensed under CC BY 4.0.

See [`COPYING`](COPYING) for details.

Commit message:

README: document matplotlib font patch

README.md, after:

# 2017 recap — SNH48 stage performance stats (work in progress)

[![code license: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20license-MIT-blue.svg?maxAge=2592000)](COPYING)
[![assets license: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/assets%20license-CC%20BY%204.0-blue.svg?maxAge=2592000)](COPYING)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap)

Current summary (not always up-to-date):

![](https://rawgit.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap/master/images/svg/breakdown.svg)
![](https://rawgit.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap/master/images/svg/summary.svg)
![](https://rawgit.com/SNH48Live/2017-recap/master/images/svg/team-scatter.svg)

A full demo from the master branch can be found at <https://snh48live.org/2017-recap>.

# Usage

Look into `bin`.

# Caveats

- matplotlib needs to be [patched](https://gist.github.com/zmwangx/23cdfc41fd7387013a95c8f684c59bd5) in order to use the Songti SC font on macOS.

# TODOs

- Populate `data/performances.raw.json` gradually and at the end of the year.
- Grep for the string `TODO` in the code base.

# License

- Code (files outside `images`) are licensed under MIT;
- Assets (files inside `images`) are licensed under CC BY 4.0.

See [`COPYING`](COPYING) for details.
